Bookmarks -	
	Saves as readable text file. Contains checksum (md5?) so uhm lets hope no one bookmarks this page. To replace would require more time.

Bookmarks.bak -
	Created after I added chat.adamschaal.com to bookmarks.. though is not a backup of the current bookmark. Maybe stores one previous iteration? Not sure yet.

ChromeDWriteFontCache -
	Not really readable. Contains some information when viewed in hxd but nothing too obvious to me right away. Skipping.

Cookies - SQLITE
	Gives error because of malformed schema like "Error malformed database schema (is_transient) - near "where": syntax error:"
	
	Not aware of any cookies chat.adamschaal.com saves anyways....

Cookies-journal -
	IDK Another non readable format. Some items contain journals.

Current Session - 
	Similar to above. Delete or replace with Clean slate

Current Tabs - 
	This contains strings of tabs that are readable using a hex editor so in plaintext. Delete or replace with blank tabs.

Extension Cookies - SQLITE
	Similar format to Cookies. Skipping because we aren't an extension.

Extension Cookies-Journal -
	Another journal file. Skipping for more than one reason.

Favicons - SQLITE
	Contains urls. Will play the remove game on this one.

History - SQLITE
	Must close chrome or you can't modify history with sql. A way to get around this is to copy the file elsewhere and then replace it with that one. This could leave more artifacts you would want to cover up. 


History Provider Cache - Data
	Shows evidence in the 

Last Session - 
	Same as current session..lets delete it

Last Tabs - 
	Same..

Login Data - SQLITE
	Has data for passwords saved in chrome. So I deleted them.
	
Login Data-journal - 
	Classic journal file

Network Action Predictor - SQLITE
	Uses this to guess what you want to visit in the url.
	Will delete first table in db, can't find out how to populate other areas of the db.

Network Action Predictor-journal
	Journal

Network Persisten State - 
	Ascii readable file
	Contains urls, but all pertain to google. Don't see a need to delete this one at the moment.

Origin Bound Certs - SQLITE
	Contains some private and public key information
	All appear to be coming from google so no need to delete at the moment.

Origin Bound Certs-journal - 
	Journal

Preferences
	Pretty cool acsii readable file
	Not going to mess with it, its pretty lengthy

Quota Manager - SQLITE
	Contains urls, but not very many at all.
	Might come back to it.

Quota Manager-journal -
	Journal

Secure Preferences -
	Another cool readable file
	Definitely skipping
	Would only be cool if it was easy to replace with other preferences

Shortcuts - SQLITE
	Deleted found urls

Shortcuts-Journal -
	Journal



Top Sites - SQLITE
	Sites most visted? Idk but has url so I removed it.


Top Sites - Journal
	Journal

TransportSecurity -
	Readable format
	Not going to worry about it


Visted Links - 
	Anything you click on in a link. Stored in a hashing table. If you search for a link you just clicked on "http://example.com", can be checked to identify if it was clicked on or not. Using https://github.com/JRBANCEL/Chromagnon.

	Found in C:\Users\steal\AppData\Local\Google\Chrome\User Data\Default\Visited Links

Web Data - SQLITE
	Some autofill material it appears.
	Skipping because it doesn't contain adamschaal. 

Web Data-journal
	Journal

WebRTCIdentityStore - SQLITE
	Only contains one url.
	Skipping.

WebRTCIdentityStore-journal
	Journal


	





Cache - Quite difficult to breakdown. See https://github.com/JRBANCEL/Chromagnon for the only python program I could find that can sort through it. Would be much harder to delete individual items. Should just remove entire file.


